as expected the assembly
general of the fff ended in
fishtail
the two pretenders to the crown do not
are not made of gifts a place for
two sheikh tidiane seck was
acclaimed by his camp idem for that
of m elage diouf it is because I am
meaning the derailment who have me who
threat is happening there today because
that they pass the specify it was very
long over for two or three years
but I think I had to turn
directly who have entered
I think something has happened
spent all that right from the outset
all the tricks and development for that
everyone comes to work together
I have just been elected by acclamation and at
unanimously by a standing room
president new president of the ess and
Diarrhea da kg lang lasalle
I always said I do not fight
only for the diaraf I fight for
my country my ambitions far exceed
the presidency of diana consensus must be
to make a consensus must be done in the
room that must live in the assembly
general they left these rooms which
did it i loved stone cohen
elected president in each camp the
controversy does yet the qu'enfler
Sheikh Tidiane seck's side
we prefer to temper I do not have any
particular feeling just me I
think I have the duty
my duty is these two
give you tell me everything she has me
given a name as I am already 8 years old
when he enters school and there I saw
it's the same people I've seen before
mythomania I saw him camara I saw a
budget but I was 8 years old when
enters the media school
she practically disciple the 151st
I did all my classes beyond
junior juniors junior seniors g
this section
I think of editions in my place
but hey I thought a place I 'm the
first goal of the lions of the atlas
okay but some teams
I can not do anything alone 2
because all the elements that are there
are aware of that I could do
all alone everyone is concerned
it's me I think for the
earthworks the sampler to work
with me and to revive the two
meters and the jsba further and makes the
genesis of the purchase of membership cards
and according to him this general assembly
is effective but without a map
they converged their own course for
their own inhuman camp is
exclusively I saved the president
for whom our sales in high-end
he foils I do not see the case and the way
eastward it was written I will not
case go see the beautiful winter my anchor
jetty Thursday that they must have had
four is the second goal that goes wrong he me
says I do not see any cards
I have not seen 4 inches and there I
so my part and I know neither there nor the
ag date nor the same ag in
as an outgoing treasurer who tears
tidiane seck or m elage diouf
will preside over the destinies of the medinois club
for the moment we are not far from
scenario a house for tenants
the suspense is there waiting for the next
events